Hey there! We're Flow Nation Crew - a dance collective based out of Seoul that's been making waves since 2019. Our crew is all about pushing boundaries and creating unforgettable performances that blend street styles with contemporary movement.

We started out as just 6 friends who loved to dance and wanted to do something bigger together. Now we're an 8-member crew doing shows all over Korea and internationally. Our leader is jihoon_leader and our co-leader is sarah_sublead - they've been with the crew since day one and basically hold everything together lol.

You can check us out on Instagram @flownationcrew where we post practice videos, behind the scenes stuff, and performance clips. We're also on YouTube @flownationcrew if you want to see our full routines and some really cool content we've been making.

So let's talk about some of the work we've done!

CHOREOGRAPHY HIGHLIGHTS:

Our original piece "Seoul Pulse" from March 2022 is probably what we're most known for. It's this 8-minute routine that takes you through different neighborhoods in Seoul through movement and it honestly changed everything for us. The YouTube video has like 5 million views which is insane - it was featured on several dance blogs and even got picked up by some Korean media outlets.

We also created this really cool piece called "Concrete Dreams" in September 2022 that's more story-driven. It's about the hustle and grind of being an artist in the city. That one's super close to our hearts.

Last year in May 2023 we did a cover/remix of aespa's "Spicy" that went viral on TikTok. We added our own flavor to it with some breaking and popping elements. That was a fun one to work on as a crew.

We choreographed for the K-Wave Music Festival in July 2023 - created pieces for multiple groups which was a huge undertaking but so rewarding. And we just finished working on an original called "Electric Youth" in January this year that we're about to release. It's our most ambitious piece yet!

PERFORMANCES:

We've been lucky enough to perform at some really amazing venues and events. The Seoul International Dance Festival in May 2023 was HUGE for us - we got to perform on the main stage in front of thousands of people. That feeling was unreal.

We competed at the K-Pop World Dance Championship in August 2023 and took home first place in the crew division! All those late night practices paid off haha. Still can't believe that actually happened.

The Busan Street Dance Battle in October 2023 was super intense - we won the crew battle which was awesome because the competition was stacked with some incredible teams.

Performed at the Asia Dance Convention in Taiwan in November 2023 which was our first big international showcase. The energy there was different - got to connect with crews from all over Asia.

We also did the Red Bull Dance Your Style event here in Seoul in June 2023, performed at Olympic Park for the Summer Dance Festival in July, and just recently finished the Seoul City Hall New Year's Eve performance which was broadcast live. That was nerve-wracking but amazing!

CONTENT & MEDIA:

We've been putting a lot of effort into our online presence. Our documentary series "Behind the Flow" came out in February 2023 - it's like a 45-minute deep dive into our crew's journey, the struggles, the wins, everything. People really connected with it.

We do weekly "Practice Room Sessions" on YouTube where we just freestyle and vibe - no editing, just raw dancing. Started that in June 2023 and it's been really popular.

Our "Choreo Breakdown" series where we teach our routines has been blowing up. Posted the first one in April 2023 and we've done like 10 episodes since then.

We also made a performance film called "24 Hours in Seoul" in September 2023 where we danced in different locations around the city over one day. The cinematography came out so sick!

And we just dropped "Flow Nation - 2023 Year in Review" last month which is basically a highlight reel of everything we did. Super proud of how that turned out.

TEACHING & WORKSHOPS:

We run our signature "Flow Nation Intensive" workshop about twice a year. It's usually a 3-day program where we teach technique, choreography, and freestyle. We did one in Seoul in July 2023 and another in Busan in November. Had over 150 dancers total come through!

We've taught at 1Million Dance Studio several times - most recently in October 2023. Always surreal to teach there.

The "Urban Contemporary Fusion" masterclass we did at the Korea National Arts Center in May 2023 was special. It was our first time teaching in such a formal venue and it opened our eyes to different audiences.

We also do this thing called "Crew to Crew" workshops where we teach other crews our approach to synchronization and formations. Did sessions in Daegu in August 2023 and Incheon in September.

International workshops too! Taught in Tokyo in June 2023, Taipei in November, and we have Bangkok coming up in March 2024.

DIRECTING & CREATIVE PROJECTS:

We were the creative directors for the "Next Wave Dance Festival" in April 2023 - basically curated the whole lineup, worked with each performing crew on their pieces, and produced the entire show. It was exhausting but so rewarding to see it all come together.

Directed the "Underground to Mainstream" showcase in September 2023 which featured 12 different crews telling their stories through dance.

We also produced the "Dance for Change" charity event in December 2023 raising funds for youth dance programs. That one was important to us - giving back to the community that raised us.

AWARDS & RECOGNITION:

2023 was a big year for us in terms of recognition:

- "Crew of the Year" from the Korea Dance Association in April 2023 - this was HUGE! Still can't believe we won that
- "Innovation in Choreography" award from the Seoul Arts Council in June 2023
- "Best Urban Dance Crew" at the Asia Dance Awards in September 2023
- Grand Prize at the K-Pop World Dance Championship in August 2023
- YouTube Silver Play Button in March 2023 when we hit 100K subscribers (now we're at 250K!)
- "Audience Favorite" at the Busan Dance Festival in October 2023

THE SQUAD:

Our crew members bring so much to the table:
- jihoon_leader - Main choreographer and crew leader, the visionary
- sarah_sublead - Co-leader and performance director, keeps us all in check
- mike_flow - Breaking specialist and media manager, films all our content
- jenny_moves - Contemporary fusion expert, brings that artistic touch
- tony_pop - Popping master and music director, always finds the sickest tracks
- lisa_urban - Hip-hop specialist and workshop coordinator
- kai_freestyle - Freestyle king and social media manager
- maya_contemporary - Contemporary dancer and creative consultant

We're always working on new projects and pushing ourselves to grow. The dream is to eventually tour internationally and maybe even start our own dance company or school. But for now we're just taking it one performance, one workshop, one piece at a time.

If you want to collaborate, book us for a show, or just say what's up, hit us up on our socials! We love connecting with other dancers and crews.

Much love and respect to everyone who's supported us on this journey. The best is yet to come!

- Flow Nation Crew