Hi! My name is 박지훈 (Park Ji-Hoon in English) and I've been dancing professionally for about 8 years now. I mainly focus on hip-hop and contemporary styles, but I'm really passionate about blending different genres to create something unique.

A bit about me - I've always loved movement and music since I was a kid. Started taking classes when I was in middle school and never looked back! These days you can find me on Instagram @jihoon_moves and I post pretty regularly on YouTube @jihoonflow if you want to see my work.

Some of my choreography work that I'm really proud of:

I got to work on "Permission to Dance" by BTS back in July 2021. That was HUGE for me - I was the assistant choreographer and got to perform in the video too. It's definitely one of my highlight pieces. The whole experience was surreal, working with such talented people and seeing the final product get so much love from ARMY.

Then there was this project with IU for her song "Strawberry Moon" in October 2021. I was the main choreographer on that one and the concept was so dreamy and different from what I usually do. Really pushed me creatively.

More recently I worked on Stray Kids' "S-Class" as a co-choreographer. That was in June 2023 and man, the energy was insane. Those guys are so talented and hardworking.

I also choreographed for NewJeans' "OMG" in January 2023. The girls killed it and I love how clean and sharp everything looked in the final video.

Oh and I can't forget SEVENTEEN's "Super" - worked on that in June 2023 as part of the choreography team. Working with so many members is always a fun challenge!

I've been pretty active doing performances too. Last year in May I performed at the Seoul International Dance Festival 2023 which was amazing - got to meet so many dancers from around the world. Then in September I competed at the K-Pop Dance World Festival and actually won first place in the solo category which was honestly a dream come true.

I also did the Asia Dance Showcase in Tokyo in November 2023, performed at the Busan Contemporary Dance Festival in August, and had a really fun time at the Seoul Street Dance Battle in June where our crew took second place.

Teaching is also a big part of what I do. I run regular Urban Hip-Hop workshops here in Seoul - usually intensive weekend sessions where we really dive deep into technique and freestyle. I've taught at the Seoul Dance Academy a bunch of times. I also got invited to teach at the KDA International Dance Camp in Busan last summer which was incredible - had students from all over Asia.

Did a masterclass series at 1Million Dance Studio in October 2023 which was wild because I used to take classes there when I was starting out! And I've been doing some private coaching sessions for aspiring choreographers which has been really rewarding.

In terms of directing and creative work, I was the creative director for the Spring Dance Showcase in March 2023 - organized everything from concept to execution with about 40 dancers involved. Also directed the Youth Dance Festival in July which focused on giving young dancers a platform to showcase their talent.

Awards and recognition - I'm really grateful for these:
- Won "Best Emerging Choreographer" from the Korea Choreography Association in April 2023
- Got the "Rising Star Award" from Seoul Arts Foundation in December 2023
- "Audience Choice Award" at the Busan Dance Festival in August 2023
- "Excellence in Urban Dance" from the Hip-Hop Dance Federation in September 2022

I've also done a fair amount of media and content creation. I have a YouTube video called "Urban Flow - Full Routine" that went kind of viral last March - it has over 2 million views now which is crazy! I also made a behind-the-scenes documentary style video about my creative process called "Making Moves" in November 2022.

Earlier this year in February I posted a dance cover compilation that got a lot of love, and I did a collaboration video with some other choreographers called "Dance Cypher Vol.1" in September 2023. There's also this tutorial series I started where I break down some of my choreos - posted the first one "Tutorial: Wave Technique" in June 2023.

I'm always looking to collaborate and push boundaries with my work. If you want to connect or have any project ideas, definitely reach out through my socials! My Twitter is @jihoon_choreo if you're more active there.

Thanks for taking the time to check out my work! Looking forward to what's next in this amazing journey.